Add development preview logging to io_uring and snapshot-restore (#2976)
firecracker-microvm/firecracker: CHANGELOG.md

  fault handler process is listening and expecting a UFFD to be sent by
  Firecracker. The UFFD is used to handle the guest memory page faults in the
  separate process.

> - Added logging for the snapshot functions and async file IO features to indicate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added logging for the snapshot/restore and async block device IO engine features to indicate
```
